✨ Add plugin for Alpha Update Command (#5027)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/plugins/available/autoupdate-v1-alpha.md

# AutoUpdate (`autoupdate/v1-alpha`)

Keeping your Kubebuilder project up to date with the latest improvements shouldn’t be a chore.
With a small amount of setup, you can receive **automatic Pull Request** suggestions whenever a new
Kubebuilder release is available — keeping your project **maintained, secure, and aligned with ecosystem changes**.

This automation uses the [`kubebuilder alpha update`][alpha-update-command] command with a **3-way merge strategy** to
refresh your project scaffold, and wraps it in a GitHub Actions workflow that opens an **Issue** with a **Pull Request compare link** so you can create the PR and review it.

## When to use it?

- When you don’t deviate too much from the default scaffold — ensure that you see the note about customization [here](https://book.kubebuilder.io/versions_compatibility_supportability#project-customizations).
- When you want to reduce the burden of keeping the project updated and well-maintained.

## How to use

Run:

```

> kubebuilder init|edit --plugins="autoupdate.kubebuilder.io/v1-alpha"

Author: No, because the plugins behvaiour is the same for all plugins
So, we do not need to doc how plugins chain work here. 
Otherwise, we would replicate this info in each plugin doc
How plugin work is doc already: https://book.kubebuilder.io/plugins/plugins

> kubebuilder init|edit --plugins="autoupdate.kubebuilder.io/v1-alpha"

Reviewer: It's much better now.

```

This will scaffold and GitHub Actions workflow that runs the [kubebuilder alpha update][alpha-update-command] command.
Then, whenever a new Kubebuilder release is available, it will open an Issue with a
Pull Request compare link so you can create the PR and review it, such as:

> <TODO ISSUE ADD IMAGE>

Author: @vitorfloriano it would be nice we add an image of the issue here

The workflow will check once a week for new releases, and if there are any, it will create an Issue with a Pull Request compare link so you can create the PR and review it.
The command called by the workflow is:

```shell
	# More info: https://kubebuilder.io/reference/commands/alpha_update
    - name: Run kubebuilder alpha update
      run: |
		# Executes the update command with specified flags.
		# --force: Completes the merge even if conflicts occur, leaving conflict markers.
		# --push: Automatically pushes the resulting output branch to the 'origin' remote.
		# --restore-path: Preserves specified paths (e.g., CI workflow files) when squashing.
		# --open-gh-issue: Creates a GitHub issue with a link to the generated PR for review.
        kubebuilder alpha update \
          --force \
          --push \
          --restore-path .github/workflows \
          --open-gh-issue
```

<aside class="warning">
<h1>Protect your main branches</h1>

This workflow by default **only** creates and pushes the merged files to a branch
called `kubebuilder-update-from-<from-version>-to-<to-version>`.

> To keep your codebase safe, protect your main branches (e.g. `main`) so changes
> can not land outside an PR review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep your codebase safe, use branch protection rules to ensure that
changes aren't pushed or merged without proper review.
```
